   A previously healthy 59-year-old male patient complaining of sudden chest pain collapsed in the ambulance on the way to the emergency room. Emergency rescue technicians performed 20 seconds of cardiopulmonary resuscitation after shocking for ventricular fibrillation, and the return of spontaneous circulation was achieved. Upon arrival at our hospital, his blood pressure was 105/78 mm Hg, heart rate was 120 beats/min, respiratory rate was 20 breaths/min, and body temperature was 35.8°C. He was diagnosed with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction on an electrocardiogram (ECG). During the preparation for coronary angiography, repeated cardiac arrest occurred. Thus, we immediately applied veno-arterial (VA) ECMO. Percutaneous coronary intervention reperfused the total occluded left anterior descending coronary artery via thrombectomy. After admission to ICU, 
   
   
   he was sedated using remifentanil (0.2 µg/kg/min) and propofol (FreSOfol MCT 2%, 1.3 mg/kg/hr). On day 3, his hemodynamic status and oxygenation improved, allowing for VA ECMO decannulation.
On day 5, he presented with progressive acute kidney injury, so we applied continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT). Three days after decannulation, we applied veno-venous (VV) ECMO due to severe acute respiratory distress syndrome following hospital-acquired pneumonia. On day 16, since he showed clinical improvement of pneumonia, we weaned him off VV ECMO. Sedatives for ventilator care were retained without dose reduction due to agitation and ventilator dyssynchrony, but vasopressors were slowly tapered according to improved cardiac function. On day 18, the alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase, which had been less than 150 units/L, were abruptly increased to 719 units/L and 211 units/L, respectively and were consistently increased until day 27 (Table 1). On day 20, he  


 showed bundle branch block, increased creatinine kinase (CK), and increased CK-MB and troponin I. Due to suddenly aggravated hypotension, we increased the infusion rate of norepinephrine and epinephrine and added vasopressin. Acute renal failure (ARF) and metabolic acidosis are common features of PRIS, but they were attenuated to 
 
 
 
 
 
 the previously maintained CRRT in our case. For 20 days, he received propofol administration at an average dose of 1.3 mg/kg/hr, and we could not decrease the propofol infusion rate owing to issues with agitation and ventilator synchrony. We strongly suspected PRIS and immediately discontinued propofol infusion. The initial serum triglyceride level after admission was 369 mg/dl, but no follow-up monitoring for serum triglyceride levels was performed. The cortisol level and thyroid function tests were within the normal ranges. After 24 hours of discontinuing propofol, the requirement for vasopressors was slowly decreased and vasopressin was tapered according to his stabilized vital signs. However, the CK level continued to elevate to 139,066 IU/L (Table 1). Thus, for recovery from PRIS, we administrated L-carnitine, which mitigates the effects of PRIS by supporting free fatty acid (FFA) metabolism, at a dose of 500 mg three times per day starting on day 23. After 2 days of carnitine administration, the CK level gradually declined, and the patient was stabilized with only low-dose norepinephrine (0.05 µg/kg/min). He was discharged from the ICU on day 51 and transferred to a nursing hospital for rehabilitation on day 92.